Topic - Story is about two friends who want to do something great, talk about bunch of deep philosophical stuffs and argue about whether to leave this mediocrity or not.

----------------------


Inner Voice
“So, there’s a girl; there has been a lot of girls whom I ever had crush on, like the one classmate from class 6th, who tied Rakhi to me, other one in class 8th, whom I was never able to talk properly, other one in class 11th, not from my school, along with some honorably mentioned Actresses like Rashmika Mandana, Mrunal Thakur, Keira Knightley, Emma Watson, etc.”
“But this time, it’s something different, because it is not just me having crush on some other girl. This is truly different; it has never happened before. I like everything about her, her singing, talking, the way she cares so much about me learning how to sing well, or wishing me on every big or small festival, the ones on which no-one wishes. I can go on and on like this, but…”
“Don’t beat around the bush, just come straight to the point!”, he interrupted me, ‘it’ actually, one of my inner voices, which I talk to a lot.
Anyways, let’s start from the beginning.
“So, this is a story of a girl meets a boy and boy meets a girl, situations drove them apart, but they grew even closer, right?”, it interrupted me again, just to present its own notion. It knows everything yet it does this every single time.
“Common start please!”, it insisted me.
“Ok, ok”, I replied.
So… 
CHAPTER-1
It was evening time, 4:30p.m. by the clock. My brother screamed in my year, “get up! Get up! It’s 6 in the evening, why’re you still sleeping?”
I opened my eyelids which very heavy because of the lack of sleep. My sleep schedule, most like other teenagers, is pretty, fucked. I definitely needed and wanted a little more sleep, but as my brother just screamed, it was pretty late already, so I had no other option than to wake up.
As soon as woke up, my brother ran away, knowing that I’d be very angry when I see the clock.
I yawned as I got up and put my slippers on. I could see my father siting in the balcony with a book in his one hand as usual and tea cup in his other hand.
“Bhaiya, didi called you” my brother screamed from somewhere.
“Didi? Who? Which?” I had these questions in my mind and squinted my still heavy eyes.
“In the bedroom” he screamed again.
“Why are you screaming?” my father scolded him.
I can remember him being scolded for a little longer but I ignored all of that and went towards the bedroom.
I stood in front of the door and knocked as it was closed.
“Wait!” a girl’s voice from inside said.
I stood there, stagnant. I almost fell asleep for a moment until the door opened in-front of me and pulled me back to reality. I was still squinting my eyes as I walked inside, because I wasn’t wearing my spectacles.
“I wonder where I kept those”, I thought in my mind.
“Don’t you remember me?”, she asked me as she continued to comb her hair looking into the dressing mirror.
“Yeah, I do”, I replied with a smile. I couldn’t see her face clearly, but still I knew who she was. Even though she was in my house as a guest for last two days, still I rarely caught any glimpse of her.
“They why didn’t you come to talk?”, she asked and looked towards me, and then back into the mirror.
I couldn’t see clearly, but I remember her hairs looking shinny even though it was all blur, and her smile, it was too mesmerizing.
“I was shy”, I replied immediately. I had no intentions to say that, it was just some kind of slip of tongue more than a reflex reply. It was in my mind, as the real reason, but I didn’t mean to tell her that.
“Awww, I was shy…” she smiled and mocked me.
